Update Lisk Service setup, config, management, index and references - Closes #678 (#679)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/source.adoc

= Configuration with PM2
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:description: Describes how to configure Lisk Service with PM2.
:toc:
:imagesdir: ../assets/images
:page-previous: /lisk-service/setup/source.html
:page-previous-title: Installation from source code
:page-next: /lisk-service/management/source.html
:page-next-title: PM2 commands

:url_pm2: https://pm2.keymetrics.io/
:url_pm2_ecosystem_file: https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/application-declaration/

:url_management_pm2: management/source.adoc
:url_references_config: references/configuration.adoc

== The ecosystem config files

> The {url_pm2_ecosystem_file}[ecosystem file^] allows to configure behavior, options, environment variables, logs files with {url_pm2}[PM2^] of each application.

Author: ```suggestion
The {url_pm2_ecosystem_file}[ecosystem file^] provides the possibility to configure behavior, options, environment variablesand the logs files of each application with {url_pm2}[PM2^].
```

.Starts Lisk Service with the specified configuration
[source,bash]
----
pm2 start ecosystem.mainnet.config.js
----

=== Default configurations

> There are 2 default ecosystem files in the root folder of `lisk-service`:

Author: Is there any reason, why you ad to the colon `as shown below`?

Isn't the colon making this obvious?

> There are 2 default ecosystem files in the root folder of `lisk-service`:

Reviewer: Yes you are right the colon does make it obvious. There is no definitive rule here, as it is more a case of personal preference in this sentence. In other words, in this case both sentences above are actually technically correct, so feel free to decide which one you prefer Mona.

> There are 2 default ecosystem files in the root folder of `lisk-service`:

Author: Ok, in that case I tend to prefer the version with less words :)
